Mama Beach
Kent Beach
Bureh Beach
John Obey Beach
Tokeh  Beach
River Number 2 Beach
Ricketts Island
Banana Island

Waterloo
Newton
Masiaka
Port Loko
Lunsar
Mile 91

Jui Hospital
College of MEdicine
Freetown Teachers College
Freetown Bible College
New IPAM Campus at Kent
Hastings Police Baracks



- Platforms -
P1: Acquia (Drupal), Pantheon (Drupal, WordPress), WordPress VIP (WordPress) - Open source and PHP based
P2: Contentful, Bloomreach (ASP), Optimizely/Episerver, Ampliance - Headless and SaaS based
P3: AEM (JAVA) and Sitecore (ASP)
Crownpeak -

Core Skills Needed
PHP, ASP, Java

Emerging Platforms Practice - Level 7 or 9 - Do it out of market wide level
Drupal + WordPress + Full Stack Developer/Architect - 1
Drupal + WordPress + Full Stack Developer/Architect - 2
Drupal + WordPress + Full Stack Developer/Architect - 3

WordPress  - Bankers
Role ID 3845976: WordPress Developer
Role ID 3845982: WordPress Developer
Role ID 3845981: WordPress QA Tester

Drupal - Spectrum 1 -
Role ID 3877466: Drupal Front end Developer
Role ID 3877478: Drupal Back-End Developer
Role ID 3877508: Drupal Full Stack Developer

Drupal - Spectrum 2
Role ID 3877466: Drupal Front end Developer
Role ID 3877478: Drupal Back-End Developer
Role ID 3877508: Drupal Full Stack Developer

Drupal - Comcast Developer Portal
Role ID 3877466: Drupal Front end Developer
Role ID 3877478: Drupal Back-End Developer
Role ID 3877508: Drupal Full Stack Developer

Drupal - BJC
Drupal Back-End Developer - Onshore
Drupal Backend Dev Lead - Nearshore/Offshore
Drupal Backend Sr. Developer 1 - Nearshore/Offshore
Drupal Backend Sr. Developer 2 - Nearshore/Offshore
Drupal Site Builder - Nearshore/Offshore
Drupal Front End Sr. Dev (Site Studio)  - Nearshore/Offshore
Drupal React Developer 1  - Nearshore/Offshore
Drupal React Developer 2  - Nearshore/Offshore
Drupal Test Lead  - Nearshore/Offshore
Drupal Tester 1  - Nearshore/Offshore
Drupal Tester 2  - Nearshore/Offshore
Drupal Tester 3  - Nearshore/Offshore

SAPPI South Africa
Drupal Front end Developer
Drupal Back-End Developer
Drupal Architect/PM


Are you Interested in or currently purchasing a new home from any of the Lennar Family of Builders?
Tell us about the community you are interested in or purchasing from
Country
Region
District
Name of community
I don't know the community name

Tell us what you're looking for
Are you currently working with someone at Lennar Mortgage regarding your loan?
Are you purchasing a new property or refinancing your mortgage?
First, middle and last name
Email, Phone
Marital status
Current Address
Same as mailing address
Are you applying for this loan with another applicant?
Tell us more about what you're looking for.
We'll cover the type of property that you are looking for and the financing that you want.
Property Type
Is this property a planned unit development?
Property Use (Primary resident, second/vacation home, investment/rental)
Property County/Municipality
Tell us about the loan you would like to obtain
If you don't know the exact amount, an estimate is fine.
Purchase Price
Down Payment
Loan Amount
Is any part of the down payment a gift?
How much can I afford?
If you do not know the purchase price of the property you wish to buy, type in your best estimate.

The key factors in determining what you can afford are:

Income: Money that you receive on a regular basis, from sources like your salary, investments, or interest.

Funds available: Cash that you have available to cover your down payment and other costs required to close the loan.

Debt: Any recurring payments you make, such as credit card or student loan payments.

Credit: Your credit score, along with other factors, will impact the interest rate you can get, which will impact your monthly payment.
Get personalized rates

Social Security/Passport
'Data of birth'

Tell us about your assets and accounts
We'll gather details about the assets and accounts you'll use for your down payment and closing costs. To make it easier, link your accounts to import this information automatically.
Include all cash, investment, and retirement accounts that you'll use for your down payment and closing costs.

Next, tell us about your income.
We'll ask you how you earn money, and how much you earn from each source.
Select the income source you'd like considered as part of your application.
Your income is used to evaluate your ability to make monthly payments.
Employment
Independent Contractor
Social security
rental
Pension
Business/Self Employment

Next, tell us about your real estate.
We'll ask you about any real estate you own and any financing you have.

Tamba, do you own any real estate?
Property Type
Property Address
Property Value
How do you currently use this property?
How will you use this property after this transaction?
How many mortgages are on this property?
Monthly Insurance, Taxes, Association Dues, etc. not included in mortgage payment

Next, we'll ask you about any financial circumstances you need to disclose.
These questions will help us understand more about your financial situation when we review your application.

Next, we'll ask you to provide some demographic information.
The following questions are about your ethnicity, race and sex, which we encourage you to answer. The federal government requests this information in order to monitor compliance with federal law. The law prohibits lenders from discriminating on the basis of this information.

What is your sex?
ethnicity
Race

Move in Date
Do you rent, own, or live rent-free?

Upload documents for approval



These Legal Disclaimers, the Terms and Conditions of use and the Privacy and Security policies are the policies of Lennar Corporation (“Lennar”) that apply to your use of this website, including myLennar® and www.CalAtlantichomes.com (collectively, the “Website”) and they govern your use of the Website. The terms "we", "us" or "our" refer to Lennar, and the terms "you" and "your" refer to you, a home-buying customer.

Links to Other Sites
Lennar is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to this Website. Linking to this Website, off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.

Maps
All maps are not to scale, and are for relative location purposes only.

Market Conditions
Market condition statements are based on available information at time of the Website posting, and should never be relied upon. Market rates are based on market trends, other factors and they involve risks, variables and uncertainties that can cause predictive statements to differ materially. Market condition statements are no guarantee of the present or future market conditions and market values. You should conduct their own independent analysis and consult your own accounting, legal and tax advisor in order to evaluate risks, consequences and suitability of the home purchase.

Offers/Incentives
All special offers, incentives and seller contributions (“offers”) are subject to certain terms, conditions and restrictions, which may include the use of designated lenders and closing agents. Certain offers could affect the loan amount. Offers are good for a limited time only and subject to availability, and Lennar reserves the right to change or withdraw any offer at any time, without notice. Offers are product and community specific and may not be combined. Values on offers are approximate. Offers are void where prohibited by law and in states where prior registration is required.

Pricing
All prices are subject to change without notice. Prices do not include closing costs and other fees to be paid by buyer (including any builder fee described in the purchase agreement). While Lennar uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information in this Website, Lennar makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Lennar assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of this Website. All information must be verified at the particular community of the home about which the information is desired.

Rent Versus Own
Lennar makes no guarantee of present or future market conditions. Forecasts, projections and other predictive statements should never be relied upon. You should consult your own accounting, legal and tax advisors to evaluate the risks, consequences and suitability of any real estate transaction. Real estate market conditions involve risks, variables and uncertainties that may cause the real estate values to differ materially from geographic area, timeframes and product types.

Scenes
Scenes may be of locations or activities not on Lennar property. All photographs, renderings and other depictions are for the sole purpose of illustration.

Schools
All school information provided is obtained from third parties. Please contact your local school district for the most current information about specific schools. Seller does not represent and cannot guarantee that the community will be serviced by any particular public school/school district, or once serviced by a particular school/school district, that the same school/school district will service the project for any particular period of time. Schools that your children are eligible to attend may change over time.

Site Plan / Community Map Disclaimer
Site plans, community maps, aerial photos, community photos and/or computer generated or enhanced depictions of communities (collectively “Illustrations”) may be posted on this Website for illustration purposes only. All site plans, community maps and computer generated or enhanced depictions shown are conceptual in nature and are merely an artist's rendition, and may not accurately represent the actual condition of the item being represented. All photos/videos shown depict the community or home as of the date taken. All Illustrations are solely for illustrative purposes and should never be relied upon. THE PAST, PRESENT, FUTURE OR PROPOSED ROADS, EASEMENTS, LAND USES, CONDITIONS, PLAT MAPS, LOT SIZES OR LAYOUTS, ZONING, UTILITIES, DRAINAGE, LAND CONDITIONS, OR DEVELOPMENT OF ANY TYPE WHATSOEVER, WHETHER REFLECTED ON THE ILLUSTRATIONS, OR WHETHER INSIDE OR OUTSIDE THE BOUNDARIES OF THE ILLUSTRATIONS, MAY NOT BE SHOWN OR MAY BE INCOMPLETE OR INACCURATE. THE PRESENT, FUTURE OR PROPOSED ROADS, EASEMENTS, LAND USES, CONDITIONS, PLAT MAPS, LOT SIZES OR LAYOUTS, ZONING, DRAINAGE, LAND CONDITIONS, OR DEVELOPMENT OF ANY TYPE MAY OR MAY NOT CHANGE IN THE FUTURE. IT IS NOT UNCOMMON THAT ANY OF THE FOREGOING CAN CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU. YOU SHOULD NEVER RELY ON THE ACCURACY OF THE FOREGOING OR THE ILLUSTRATIONS IN MAKING ANY DECISIONS RELATIVE TO PURCHASING ANY PROPERTY. Lennar reserves the right to make changes to any of the foregoing at any time, without notice.

Substitutions
Substitutions - The specific features in a home may vary from home to home and from one community to another. We reserve the right to substitute equipment, materials, appliances and brand names with items that have, in our sole opinion, equal or higher value. Color and size variations will occur.


Features
Images of homes are solely for illustrative purposes and should not be relied upon. Images may not accurately represent the actual condition of a home as constructed, and may contain options which are not standard on all homes. Images may also include decorative items, design elements and furniture which are not available for purchase even upon additional payment. The specific features, floor plans, square footage, dimensions and design elements in a home may vary from home to home and from one community to another; and are subject to changes or substitution without prior notice. We reserve the right to substitute equipment, material, appliances and brand names with items of equal or higher, in our sole opinion, value. Color and size variations may occur. The prices of our homes, included features, and available locations are subject to change without notice. Please see your New Home Consultant and the actual home purchase and sale agreement for additional information, disclosures and disclaimers relating to the home and its features.

Floor Plans and Elevations
Plans and elevations are artist's renderings only, may not accurately represent the actual condition of a home as constructed, and may contain options which are not standard on all models. We reserve the right to make changes to these floor plans, specifications, dimensions, designs and elevations without prior notice. Stated dimensions and square footage are estimated and should not be used as representation of the home's actual size or net useable square footage which may be less than the estimated square footage. Any statement, verbal or written, regarding "under air" or "finished area" or any other description or modifier of the square footage size of any home is a shorthand description of the manner in which the square footage was estimated and should not be construed to indicate certainty. Garage or bay sizes may vary from home to home and may not accommodate all vehicles.

Human Models/Lifestyle Photos
Models/lifestyle photos do not reflect racial or ethnic preference.

Energy Savings
Energy calculations and claims are estimates only and were developed by third parties based on the design of the home and the HERS index, and not specific testing of an individual home. Savings will vary due to many variables, including but not limited to, actual utility rates and fees, actual construction, floor plan, occupancy, appliance usage, thermostat settings, weather conditions, number of individuals occupying the home and orientation of the home. Lennar provides no guarantee of savings or efficiency that will be achieved by each homeowner.
Copyright
Copyright ©2019 Lennar Corporation. All rights reserved.

This Website and all materials contained herein, including but not limited to floor plans and elevations, are copyrighted and may not be distributed, modified, or reproduced in whole or in part without the prior written permission of Lennar. The images from this Website may not be reproduced in any form without the prior written consent of Lennar. Lennar actively and aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.

Amenities
Existing and proposed amenities for the communities are subject to changes, substitutions and/or deletions without notice. Lennar makes no representation or guarantee that the communities or any amenities will be built out as currently planned.

Intellectual Property
Lennar maintains this Website as a service to Internet users and its use is a privilege to the viewer. All information is provided without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. Access and use of the Website and all company links are subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and to all applicable laws regulating the use of the Internet and those relating to the use of information. The use of this Website is also subject to all applicable laws involving copyrighted materials and intellectual property. Lennar reserves the right to revise the terms and conditions for access to its Website from time to time in its sole discretion.

Liability Disclaimer
The information, software, products and services published on this Website may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically made to the information herein. Lennar may make improvements or changes to this Website at any time. In no event shall Lennar be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of, or in any way connected with, the use of this Website, whether based in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, even if Lennar has been advised of the possibility of damages. To the extent that some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you

Views
Actual views may vary. Views cannot be relied upon as being the actual view from any particular home within the community. Any view from a home may in the future be limited or eliminated. Lennar makes no guarantees regarding continuing existence of any view from a home. Further, Lennar makes no commitment or representation concerning the development within the community, or any property in proximity to or visible from the home.

Warranties and Conditions
Unless required by law or subject to warranties actually provided to you by Lennar, everything on this Website is provided to you "AS IS." LENNAR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO ANY MATTER WHATSOEVER RELATING TO OR REFERENCED BY LENNAR’S WEBSITES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY OR SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

Zero Defects
"Zero DefectsSM" does not mean that our homes or services will be without imperfection. It describes our goal of having your home delivered to you without any outstanding items to be completed as of the date of delivery, and as few imperfections, in our sole opinion, as are possible considering the materials and labor forces on which we depend. We urge prospective purchasers to look at our model homes and inquire of our previous purchasers to determine if our measurement of Zero DefectsSM is satisfactory.

Disclaimer
Lennar may at any time revise the Website Legal Disclaimers, Privacy Policy or Terms and Conditions by updating the Website posting. You are bound by any such revision and should therefore periodically visit the Website to review the then current terms and conditions, privacy policy and legal disclaimers to which you are bound.

Thank you for taking the time to read all of this important information.

Website Legal Disclaimers (As of July 7, 2020).

<-Sierra Leone Heros ->


<-Minerals->
diamonds
rutile
bauxite
gold
iron ore
limonite
platinum
chromite
coltan
tantalite
columbite
zircon

<-District-> - Plants, Minerals, Size, Animals, Temperature
Koindugu - Resistance - Timber
Bombali -
Tonkolili -
Moyamba -
Kenema - Timber
Kono - Diamond and Timber
Port Loko
Bo
Pujehun
Kailahun - Coco and coffee
Bonthe
Kambia
Falaba
Kerena
Western Rural
Western Urban


Types of Home
-Apartment
-Condo
-Townhouse
-Co-op
-Single Family (Detached)
-Tiny
-Cape Cod
-Colonial
-Ranch**
-Contemporary***
-Cottage**
-Craftsman**
-Midcentury Modern
-Victorian
-Tudor
-Split-Level
-Mediterranean
-French Country
-Farmhouse
-Greek Revival
https://www.rocketmortgage.com/learn/types-of-houses
-Adobe Revival
-Beach
-Bungalow
-Colonial
-Country
-Contemporary Craftsman
-Florida
-Georgian
-Modern
-Southwest
-Traditional
-Duplex

https://www.homestratosphere.com/home-architecture-styles/

Architectural style
Sqaure Footage
-Standard
-Premium
-Luxury

Starting Price


Contemporary Brick


Jobomax

=>California=> STOREY = 200,000
four bedroom duplex
Largest model
bedrooms and balcony up
Deposit: $63K = 30
x = 1
Monthly: $2109

=>Washington Bungalow=> FLAT = 130,000
4 bedrooms, 3 baths
Deposit: $39K
Monthly: $1316


=>Chicago Villa=> FLAT = 169,936
3 bedrooms and 2 baths flat house
Deposit: $28K
Monthly: $944

=>Philadelphia Duplex=> STOREY = 139,200
1 storey
Row houses
Deposit: $24K
Monthly: $800

=>Atlanta Villa=> FLAT = 118,352
3 bedrooms and 2 baths
Standalone
Flat house
Deposit: $20K
Monthly: $683

=>Columbus Twin=> FLAT = 69,744
2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom
Deposit: $12K
Monthly: $401/month


Payment Terms
5 years to 10 years financing
Find a company to provide finance - America, UK and Sierra Leone
Put together a financing company in each country - not a bank. Individual investors
Partner with a financing company
Extended down payment policy at no interest - 12-24 months period
30% deposit is needed
Installment purchase agreement (We hold the title until payment is complete)
Not a mortgage (laws are not in place) in West Africa
West African banks want to lock in repayment with salaries
Personal loans from abroad bank with low interest rate
Home equity line of credit with low interest rate
Cash payments
Who will my information be shared with when I apply
Qualifications:
  Credit check when available
  Bank statements
  Salary
  tax returns
  Properties today
  Other Loans and etc
  Owns a small business abroad or country
